the number one most common thing people
say to me about Isaac
the youtuber known as ask yourself is
not that he's racist that's number two
that's the second most common thing they
say to me I would say the most common
thing they say to me is wow it's really
cool that you managed to still be on
speaking terms with Isaac despite the
fact that he is so racist like they give
me credit that I'm willing to like
overlook this or put this to one side
and still try to collaborate with it
worse disgust me ISM no an interesting
response that would be what makes you
think I ever overlooked it or put it to
one side he and I discussed the extent
of his racism extensively I made videos
really attacking and denouncing him for
being a racist those are still online is
still on YouTube he had the maturity to
say that it didn't really bother him
that he thought it was fine to leave
that criticism on the internet and he
had his own response to it and that was
fine although sure we did talk about
other things like moral philosophy and
science of the mind and other topics
that came up we many times over discord
I don't think I don't think ever Skype
mostly discord which is a voice chat
plot it's the same as Skype but you know
it's a voice over Internet Protocol we
discussed racism and the extent to which
I perceived his views on politics raises
and I challenged his assumptions and I
thought he was very well behaved in
those conversations with me but no we
never went away
it absolutely never went away and I'd
say it was something I raised with him
periodically not out of the blue and it
was something I tried to raise with him
positively in the following sense I
tried to say to him
look you can solve this problem
this is hard I'm keeping it real with
you guys but I thought a human heart
I got you know I got sympathy for the
devil this kid isn't the wrong on this
he's dead wrong
there were no excuses he is 100% the
wrong but I still want to do the right
thing and of course you look at him and
you think he has positive potential to
do something good for the vegan movement
to do something good for Canada for
Canadian politics he's sitting there in
Guelph with no suit he wants to be an
activist he wants to make a pause
difference in the world in some way and
I respect that but sure on on race
issues on history and politics generally
he's dead wrong he's horrifyingly
embarrassingly wrong and you hope that
he can grow up and change and take on
new facts and new perspectives new pays
sir I'm digressing here but I think this
is an important aggression you know many
times I've heard Isaac say to
meat-eaters look why can't you just
accept that this isn't something you've
given a lot of thought to like this is
more or less the first time you've
really thought about veganism or animal
rights like why do you want to behave
like you're an expert like all of a
sudden you're an expert on protein or
you're an expert on slaughterhouse
conditions something like why can't you
just openly say well this is something
I've never read a book about or done a
lot of thinking about I'm just starting
to think about it now why not have a
more open-minded attitude when you're
talking to someone who really has done
all the reading or as someone who's had
this same conversation a hundred times
because in his case he has he's been
pitching veganism he's been debating
veganism again and again I was kind of
in the same position when I was trying
to debate him or in a Socratic sense
draw out his his thoughts and his
position his reasoning on issues of race
and racial politics and colonialism in
Canada where I was really saying to him
like well you know have you ever thought
about how Canadian Parliament works and
why it was designed and invented that
way and why it never had representation
for indigenous peoples and First Nations
peoples like when we're talking about
racism were not
talking about you know complaints that
the women on the cover of Cosmopolitan
magazine you know aren't Hispanic enough
often enough I mean I know there's this
sense in the 21st century we're like
third wave feminism and the culture of
complaint and focusing on really trivial
details is it offensive that ariana
grande speaks in a fake African American
accent in our interviews these you know
these really minor trivial things about
race can can dominate the headlines and
you know the really fundamental
questions of whose land are you living
on you know do you actually know the
history of how the land that is now
Toronto was taken away from matías
peoples do you know who those people
were or what language they spoke and
where they are now it's a it's worth
knowing have you ever given five minutes
thought of this and why was their
language never spoken in Parliament why
didn't they have seats in parliament the
way other writings and groups are
represented so when I was talking about
that with him which I think was a
conversation worth having that was one
of our first voice conversations we
talked by text earlier than that I mean
I was in the position of saying look I
can tell you've never thought about this
before you have never given five minutes
of thought you've never read a book
about this so why don't you be a little
bit open-minded in thinking you know
there are some things here you never say
and I give him credit I think he was
open-minded enough did you
Mellisa see off camera I know if you
heard both sides of the conversation if
you were there to hear that some of them
maybe you were yeah you're right anyway
so some of these conversations Melissa
was kind of just physically in the room
anyway um you know Isaac has approached
these issues from a very fundamentally
self-centered perspective that's limited
and limiting and in the same sense that
veganism ultimately is not about you and
has none about your feelings
questions on a massive scale of the
history of civilization and Cole
and slavery and racism there's a sense
of which you have to have the detachment
to understand these issues that it's not
about you and it's not about your
feelings or it's not after a certain
yeah after a certain point so there's a
similar kind of this a similar kind of
challenge and you know in the same way
that the first time someone has even
heard of veganism or heard about animal
rights or heard about slaughterhouse
conditions it's kind of morally
different many of you have this
experience some of you don't like if
you're talking to someone I felt this a
week Melissa died we were at the dinner
table with a hunter and I felt like it
was the first time so he was very
experienced hunter he'd killed animals
all over the world I thought it was the
first time he even thought about the
concept of not killing animals of not
both not eating me from so I was like
huh like and there's this weird sense in
which it's almost immoral it's almost as
if he's been living his life without the
option of not being evil because he
didn't even have the fork in the road
presenting he didn't eat another concept
that there was a way to not be evil so
he was evil all the time by the you know
okay now if I meet that guy again a
couple years from now which may happen I
mean talk to the same guy again the
second time you have that conversation
is not the same it's like look you knew
you know what you're doing you know you
know there's another way to do it you
know you met me and I'm six foot three
and I do 200 push-ups a day and I'm
healthy you know you could be healthy
like as as healthy as me and be vegan or
you could be more healthy if you want to
that guy he could be healthier
he's currently Hunter's diet is killing
him it's very obvious anyway you know
see you knew you knew this was an option
you knew the fundamental issues ethical
ecological and health you knew it this
is on table for you and after you did
you did nothing you didn't take the next
step right so again with Isaac I
appreciate he's come with these racial
issues from a totally solipsistic
self-centered place of ignorance and
self-righteousness and the ignorance is
some
how transcends morality when you're
totally ignorant like this we've just
never thought about it you don't even
realize this you're built on genocide
it's a okay second time you have that
conversation he's not the same
he's being told and he was told by this
channel I started this argument with
Isaac I think he had four YouTube videos
up when this started maybe it was like
eight
but like real I think he had like four
videos of substance on his channel it
was right at the beginning of his
channel that I came down on him with
saying look you know you're racist and
these people you're flirting with and
supporting our races these people you're
making excuses for like Courtney Macari
and probably Cory McCarthy and Tara
McCarthy and even more infamously you
know Jack green this is not about guilt
by association
Isaac genetically is half Jewish Jack
green is not merely a neo-nazi he's
really a classical Nazi he has videos on
his channel dealing with Adolf Hitler
himself and other like philosophers of
the Nazi Pyrenees he's about getting
back to the roots of Nazism and contrast
the neo Nazism easer he is an outright
explicit Nazi alright and from his
perspective you're Jewish I mean I don't
think he's Isaac is not religiously
Jewish of course and neither am i I'm
ethnically Jewish but legislature okay
and you've defended this guy in support
of this guy and yeah you throw in
caveats like well we may not agree on
everything in politics you have hobnob
with and hand-on have on your channel
jf Gareth P so he's mostly Jean Jean
Francois Gary P is mostly known as jfg
Keva qua white supremacist in terms of
just how explicitly white supremacist jf
Caribbean is any doubt in your minds
here there is a debate between him and
faith
golde I have videos criticizing faith
gold in the channel there's a faith
Goldie's also what's form system there's
a debate between human faith golde about
whether or not she
white enough genetically to be a leader
in the white supremacist movement and
even as your only source that one debate
makes it very clear both of them
consider themselves leaders in a white
supremacist movement and they're talking
about the nuances of different forms of
leadership okay and look not all white
supremacists are Nazis and you know
there are there are shades of gray there
are different kinds of white
nationalists here I know Cory McCarthy
is not from the same school of fascism
as Jack green and Jack green is not from
the same school of white supremacism as
JFK rippy guess what Isaac you're linked
to all of them and it's not guilt by
association you are guilty by your own
words and deeds you now have minimum two
years of coming on the internet and
supporting every penny-ante argument in
support of scientific racism the
so-called race and DNA debate you coming
on supporting sources that are debunked
on Wikipedia were a quick Wikipedia
search of you quoting and citing
neo-nazi websites to back up here's
everyone seen this I mean the blessing
is from his perspective he won and used
to viciously enforce the rule that these
conversations on discord could not be
recorded a lot of them my conversations
with them I thought they were grabbed
they wish they were recorded they were
not recorded could have ended better he
doesn't do that anymore that they
changed the rules and to he's now
deleted all of his old videos I think
he's deleted most of the traces I come
back to an earlier lab motif here when I
raised this with Isaac many times and
including most recent time just a few
weeks ago I said to him there was a
positive way out of this everyone thinks
you're racist I mean okay what does
everyone mean everyone who talks to me
as I say the most frequent thing people
say to me is this guy's a racist or they
ask me how racist is he on a scale of
one to ten like is he is he an eight or
za7 like nobody thinks you're a zero at
that scale um or they're asking me about
how I managed to put up with this guy
given
so racist this is an incredibly
widespread view of you and it's not for
no reason you created they're not rumors
this view of you who exploit spread for
reason because of your conduct your
words your deeds and I don't put it to
him as a guilt trip I see
why don't you resolve the situation why
don't you come out now he wiped away all
the old videos on his YouTube channel he
declared a new era come out and make a
positive statement of what your position
is on multiculturalism what your
position is on African Americans or
African Canadians or Caribbean Canadians
or the history of black slavery or
apartheid in South Africa come out make
a video saying your view of indigenous
can't Canadians and genocide in the
future of the mohawk riajuu boyd na how
you feel about that what that means to
you you come out and state your position
positively and then people be able to
say look even though this guy has made
videos with jf guerra P and he was
friends with Jack green and he flirted
for so long with Cory McCarthy Curt
terrible even though there were all
these connections even though he said
all these things on discord in the past
and there are screenshots and statements
on Facebook and even though there's all
this damming of his hate this is his
position now new year 2019 he's taken on
a new position doing something positive
this power is in your hands and I've
said this to your face Isaac instead of
doing that to use your own language to
use your own slang your own idioms you
cut into the shadows
meaning you hide in the shadows you make
excuses you use mealy-mouthed insincere
Security's logic like oh well how do you
define racism and then you define racism
really narrowly and you companies you
wouldn't accept the excuses you make for
yourself on this you would never accept
from a natural vegan you'd never accept
from a meat-eater you're debating you'd
never accept from me you make excuses
for yourself on this you'd never accept
from anyone else you engage in fallacies
in the strictest sense of the term
fallacy that you'd never accept
protocols and it's all on this one issue
because it's on this issue that we can
all see your use of reason and logic a
shallow phony self-serving and insincere
you're interested in being rational and
reasonable only when it makes you feel
powerless only when it makes you feel
powerful and not when it makes you feel
challenged or powerless oh there's
something out there you really need to
learn and kiddo
growing up in Guelph Ontario there is
life is long
you're still on chapter 1 you can't do
better let's see you do it